Dynamic polymorphism is implemented by abstract classes and virtual functions. 
	False

Which of the following method copies the actual value of an argument into the formal parameter of the function? 
	Value parameters method copies the actual value of an argument into the formal parameter of the function.

Which of the following is true about try block in C#? 
	A - A try block identifies a block of code for which particular exceptions is activated.
	B - It is followed by one or more catch blocks.

Which of the following property of Array class in C# checks whether the Array is readonly? 
	IsReadOnly

Which of the following is correct about params in C#?
	A - By using the params keyword, a method parameter can be specified which takes a variable number of arguments or even no argument.
	B - Additional parameters are not permitted after the params keyword in a method declaration.
	C - Only one params keyword is allowed in a method declaration.

Which of the following is true about System.ApplicationException class in C#?
	A - The System.ApplicationException class supports exceptions generated by application programs.
	B - Exceptions defined by the programmers should derive from this class.

Which of the following is true about exceptions in C#?
	A - The exception classes in C# are mainly directly or indirectly derived from the System.Exception class.
	B - C# exceptions are represented by classes.

Q - Which of the following is true about C# enumeration?
	A - An enumerated type is declared using the enum keyword.
	B - C# enumerations are value data type.
	C - Enumeration contains its own values and cannot inherit or cannot pass inheritance.
	D - All of the above.

User-defined exception classes are derived from the ApplicationException class in C#? 
	True

Which of the following preprocessor directive defines a sequence of characters as symbol in C#?
	#define

Which of the following property of Array class in C# gets a 64-bit integer, the total number of elements in all the dimensions of the Array?
	LongLength

Which of the following is the default access specifier of a class member function?
	Private